Week of 1/30:
Worked on email to send to Ming Shin for info on automated solution. Waiting for Yunhao's input.
Researched ant behavior (admittedly via Wikipedia)
Brainstormed questions for biologists, delivered to Livio.
Considering and researching the possibility of using locationing services on mobile devices as a control method.
Considering the possibility of framing ant-tracking as a automonously generated mystery story,

Week of 2/6:
Looked at Biologist meeting notes to come up with new questions to be sent to Min Shin. Add acknowledgement of Min Shin's previous contribution to email.
Sent email to Min Shin, still waiting for reply.
Starting to search for a second set of ground truth for the second video we received from Min Shin previously. 
Put biologist video labeling ant behaviors to other team member's knowledge.
Watched ant documentary to familarize with subject of ant behavior.
Meeting w/ Livio on 2/1 on possible ideas.
Downloaded several apps to look into the accuracy of Geo-location on the Ipad.
Cheked out Csikszentmihalyi's "Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience" for later reference.

Week 2/13
Started reading about theory of flow.
Looking into implementing GPS idea 

Goals for week of 2/20:
Register for google Latitue and see whether its geolocation feature can be used for ant-tracking.
If viable, try out programming a geo-location program that allows for real-location based tracking. (may need to find an Android phone first)
Look into the idea of making the ant game a knowledge-based game.
Read Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi's Flow theory to see whether concept of flow can be applied to the game.


Note: what the biologists want to know:
When the ant has met
Better to track the ant by dragging to the head (orientation) (Is positioning system is still possible?)
Question on figuring out different types of ants.
Activities that the ants are engated in (communicating, grooming, feeding, tending after ant eggs)
Different question depending on ant is colored or not
How to identify the behavior of the ant they want to find out (recognize grooming and communication patterns)
Does automated solution work for both color and non-colored?
Do we have one complete long history?

Week of 2/27
Looked into honors undergrad research grants for mac purchase (conclude unlikely)
Found contact to email for iOS license.

Week of 3/6
Made contact for iOS license, add 2 prototype for scheme of sound effect and bounciness to the game interface.
Contacted Yunhao about organizing gound truth, resent email to Min Shin about questions on automated solutions.

Week of 3/12
Added 2 prototypes for feedback in ants code.

Week of 3/20
Scheduled time with Homer to meet up for iOS licensing.
Cloned example code for Juicy feedback from github.
Worked on organiazing current state of ground truth videos.

Goals for week of 3/27
Find the state of december videos.
Have a solid schedule and approach to prototyping juicy feedback features.
Compile juiciness example program.

Week of 3/27
Organized both videos with ground truths into the angryAnts dropbox folder.
Writing an explanation for interpreting the GT data for the Janurary video in the same directory as the video.
Made prototyping plans for juicy interface schemes.
Abandoned compiling juicy interface example problem when the program seems too complex to get to work.
Attempted to fix security violation (though the fix was careless and introduced a bug of its own)
Set up personal IPad and lab computer for iOS development, obtained iOS certificate for development from Homer.

Week of 4/3
Worked w/ Livio to convert a simple iOS program from flash to iPad.
Emailed Min Shin about the interpolation method used in new ground truth.
Interface prototype in progress.

Week of 4/10
Added 4 music tracks to interface prototype.
Added "fancy" line drawing to game.

Week of 4/17
Interface improvements to the website.

Week of 4/24
Added music, SE, higher video quality, and additional version of graphics to current version on website.
Updated download and game page of the website to include the new paper and "contact us" link.

Week of 5/1
Added credits of the music to the website